---
title: 2023-09-12
date: 2023-09-12
---

```
[X] (B) Create spreadsheets at work
[X] (M) Understand how water works in Blender
[/] (M) Go through Stitch Fix subscription
[/] (S) Ask Stack Overflow about recovery of hybrid drive (APFS)
[ ] (S) Re-read mitochondrial DNA articles
[X] (S) Find address of local barber
```
Lessons learned:

1. The 1-2-3 method is scored with 30 points for your big task, 20 points for your mediums, and 30 points for your smalls. I recently heard someone on the Andrew Huberman podcast have Andrew go through the exercise of breaking down how many "points" you assign to work, family, etc... and they said a healthy balance was to have about 5 points in work. If that carries over here, I should really be making my big and my medium tasks part of my 9-5. It's just too hard to fit everything in if you only make your big task part of your 9-5.
2. StitchFix went to my old address. It's a subscription service that I haven't used in the last few years, and I forgot to update the address when I restarted it. Thankfully, my old neighbor is the best, and I sent a shipping label to him.
3. I cannot stress how good it is to pick three small tasks every day. It really helps you to keep tabs on many smaller tasks that don't require you to touch them that much, but still require a little boost. Like, scheduling a haircut at a barber is something that sounds very daunting just because I've never done it. But by simply looking up the address, I feel much more ready to do so.
4. I'm going to use [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNQfcNMYc10) when I model the ark between mountains. It looks like if I wanted to do a real job, I'd pay for FlipFluids blender addon, but that's almost $80 and I don't have that type of discretionary money at the moment, and I wouldn't use it enough to justify the $80 for that single addon. I'm going to try to use the free built-in fluid sim first.